people who enjoy their life they start
doing things that they enjoy more and
more and people who endure their life
end up doing things that they endure
more and more hey everybody in today's
video we're going to talk about how to
feel more joy in work and more
importantly than that we're going to
talk about how enjoyment and work makes
you far more productive my name is Joe
Hudson I was a former venture capitalist
and now a coach to some of the most
notable names in Silicon Valley so a lot
of people think that enjoyment is
something that gets in the way of
productivity
but think about it this way if you have
a very fast car and that car takes a lot
of gas you would not call that an
efficient car if you have a car that
doesn't take a lot of gas you would call
that an efficient car and yet somehow we
confuse speed with efficiency in
business meaning the faster we are in
business the more efficient we are in
business the faster we are at making art
the more efficient we are at making art
but that's only taking time into account
if you take your energy if you take the
stuff that actually drives you dayto day
the amount of passion that you have for
something the best measure for
efficiency is
enjoyment so if you enjoy what you're
doing you have more and more energy to
do stuff it took you less and less
energy to get it done if you have no
enjoyment in what you're doing then it
takes a tremendous amount of energy to
get anything done and that's extremely
inefficient the other thing about
enjoyment that's really important to
know is that enjoyment doesn't only come
from what you're doing but how you're
doing it often times people think that
they're going to get to enjoyment by
making sure everything that they do in
the day is enjoyable there's truth to
that but it's not the whole truth the
other part of the truth is that how you
do things can create a tremendous amount
of enjoyment and more importantly than
that if you do things in a way that you
really enjoy you start attracting the
things that you really enjoy into your
life so let's get into the three ways to
enjoy your work more the first one is
stop acting from obligation so often
times when we're working we tell
ourselves simple little things like I
should do that I have to do that I've
got to do that and all of that is like a
force it's like an obligation and we
lose track of what we actually want do
we really want to do it or do we not
want to do it or what part of us wants
to do something so let me tell you a
story about this I remember there was
this twoe period where I said I'm only
going to do what I enjoy I'm just only
going to do what I enjoy and at some
point I was looking at a trash can and
it smelt and so there I was staring at
the trash can going what do I do because
I committed to myself to only do what I
enjoy I was like huh crap the only way
I'm getting out of this cuz I don't
enjoy the stink is to figure out how to
enjoy taking out the trash and that
lesson to me there was like this
profound lesson of being able to get in
contact oh I want this trash gone I want
it it's not I have to take out the trash
I want to take out the trash and as soon
as I got in touch with that I could
learn learn to enjoy the thing because
it was no longer an obligation it came
from my
want so number two is how do you enjoy
whatever you're doing just a little bit
more so this one is kind of an
interesting thing so just right now
whatever you're doing
stop and just enjoy this moment a little
bit
more just a little
bit and you notice nothing had to
change outwardly but something happened
inwardly that was different maybe you
took a breath maybe you slowed down
maybe you paid attention to your body
there's lots of little things we can do
that help us enjoy just a little bit
more if you're doing emails and you're
rushing it might not be as enjoyable as
doing it a little more slowly or doing a
little bit more slowly might not be as
enjoyable as just feeling like you're
pounding them out so whatever it is that
makes you enjoy what you're doing just a
little bit more pay attention to that so
number three is all about using your
lack of enjoyment to solve problems so
the other day I'm sitting there with a
business owner and the business owner
had like a marketing plan and we were
sitting there and I said okay so what
would it require for you to enjoy doing
this marketing and they were like yeah I
can't I can't enjoy it and I was like
you can't enjoy it and they're like no I
can't enjoy it I'm like okay let's from
scratch what would we have to do to
enjoy this marketing plan what would you
have to do to enjoy this marketing plan
and they were like okay well the team
couldn't be there that that wouldn't be
right I would need to make it more
authentic to the brand and it would need
to be something where everybody who was
doing it felt like they were saying
something that was meaningful to them
instead of something that they had to do
to get customers and so of course I
can't mark it and enjoy it and I was
like oh wait hold on a second exactly
that that's exactly what you need to do
to solve your marketing problem so let
me guess that your marketing isn't
working and the business owner was like
yeah the the marketing how did you know
I'm like because you're not enjoying it
it's not authentic to you and so
everybody can read and feel that so what
is it that you have to do like
specifically and and slowly but surely
he started thinking of ways that it
could be more brainstorming it could be
more authentic it could actually drive
Connection in the company and he started
thinking of ways that the marketing
department could come together and
really work off of something that made
them feel good and connected both with
each other and With Their audience and
after just a short period of time I
think it was like less than a quarter
their marketing started working because
they came at it from a way that made it
so that they could really enjoy it when
you are doing things in a way that you
enjoy them what you do is you attract
people you attract people who also want
to be in enjoyment you attract work that
you will enjoy so what you notice is
people who enjoy their life they start
doing things that they enjoy more and
more and people who endure their life
end up doing things that they endure
more and more and all that's required is
that you just focus on the enjoyment the
way that you would focus on getting a
job done and the job gets done it just
gets done better it just gets done more
efficiently and you start having a life
that you just
enjoy all right if you like the content
hit subscribe tell us what else you want
us to talk about and watch the next
video